<!DOCTYPE html>

<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>d29 minutes 11/23</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../styles.css">
    <link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com">
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com" crossorigin>
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=DM+Sans:ital,opsz,wght@0,9..40,100..1000;1,9..40,100..1000&family=Open+Sans:ital,wght@0,300..800;1,300..800&family=Roboto:ital,wght@0,100..900;1,100..900&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com">
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com" crossorigin>
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=DM+Sans:ital,opsz,wght@0,9..40,100..1000;1,9..40,100..1000&family=Open+Sans:ital,wght@0,300..800;1,300..800&family=Roboto+Mono:ital,wght@0,100..700;1,100..700&family=Roboto:ital,wght@0,100..900;1,100..900&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">
</head>

<body>
<h2 class="title">District 39 Minutes</h2>
<h1 class="subtitle">November 23, 2025</h1>

<div class="comittee-report">
<div class="report-body">
    <table>
        <tr> 
            <td class="title beginning treasury treasury-header">
                Treasurer Report (Scotty)
            </td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="divider"> 
            <td class="beginning treasury treasury-item">Beginning Balance</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="beginning treasury numeric treasury-value">$1491.55</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="beginning treasury treasury-item">Prudent Reserve</td>
            <td class="operand treasury">-</td>
            <td class="beginning treasury numeric treasury-value"> $500.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="beginning treasury treasury-item">Cash on Hand</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="beginning treasury numeric treasury-value total">$991.55</td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="divider"> 
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-header">Expenses</td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-item">Mailbox Rent
                <span class="checkno">ck # 1389</span>
            </td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="expenses treasury numeric treasury-value">$44.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-item">Ink</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="expenses treasury numeric treasury-value">$39.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-item">Total Expenses</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="expenses treasury numeric treasury-value total">- $83.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="divider"> 
            <td class="contribution treasury treasury-header">Contribution</td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="contribution treasury treasury-item">Groups</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="contribution treasury numeric treasury-value">$134.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="contribution treasury treasury-item">District Mgt.</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="contribution treasury numeric treasury-value">$10.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="contribution treasury treasury-item">Total Contributions</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="contribution treasury numeric treasury-value total">$144.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="divider-total"> 
            <td class="treasury-summary ending treasury treasury-item">Total Cash On Hand</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="ending treasury numeric treasury-value">$1052.55</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="ending treasury treasury-item">Prudent Reserve</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="ending treasury numeric treasury-value">$500.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="ending treasury treasury-item">Ending Balance</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="total ending treasury numeric treasury-value">$1552.55</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

</div >
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Rob (Booker)</h3>
<div class="report-body">nothing</div >
<div class="follow-up">
    <div class="followup-header-container">
        <h4 class="followup-header">Follow Up</h4>
    </div>
    <div class="followup-body">
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Scotty</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">treasurer</span>
        Please contact Scotty if you are interested in swapping with Moscow Mountain for the 2nd tuesday
    </div>
</div>


<div class="comittee-report">
    <h3 class="committee-title">Visitation (Dewy)</h3>
    <div class="report-body">chair was absent; no report</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Workshop Committee (Ashley)</h3>
<div class="report-body">
	<ul class="report-ul">
		<li>Interested parties who are interested in setting up tables
		should be able to</li>
		<li>The current budget for the event is as follows:
			<table class="budget">
				<tr class="budget-header">
					<td>Source</td><td>Amount</td>
				</tr>
                <tr class="budget-row">
                    <td class="budget-store-name">Sam's Club</td>
                    <td class="budget-item-cost numeric">$286.80</td>
                </tr>
                <tr class="budget-row">
                    <td class="budget-store-name">Wal Mart</td>
                    <td class="budget-item-cost numeric">57.89</td>
                </tr>
                <tr class="budget-row">
                    <td class="budget-store-name">Krispee Kreme</td>
                    <td class="budget-item-cost numeric">$74.34</td>
                </tr>
                <tr class="budget-row">
                    <td class="budget-store-name">Ice (day of)</td>
                    <td class="budget-item-cost numeric">???</td>
                </tr>
                <tr class="budget-row">
                    <td class="budget-store-name total">TOTAL</td>
                    <td class="budget-item-cost numeric total"> $419.03</td>
                </tr>
			</table>
		</li>
        <li>
            A coffee machine was donated; donation/use of power cords would be helpful.
        </li>
        <li>A copy of the big book was also donated and will be given away during the workshop</li>
        <li class="motion-li">
            <span class="motion-indication">A MONTION.</span> passed. Dave made a motion to provide a year subscription of the digital and print version of the grapevine.
        </li>
        <li>Volunteers would be welcomed; anyone who wants to arrive at 8:15 to set up are welcomed.
	</ul>
</div>
</div> <!-- end committee-report for visitors-->


<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Sarah (Grapevine)</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>Sarah gave a presentation at the KISS group, which went well. She has been averaging one presentation a month</li>
        <li>The request from GSO went out in the text blast</li>
        <li>More information about the roles and responsibilities of the grapvine representative is available online; you can sign up online as well.
    </ul>
</div>
<div class="follow-up">
    <div class="followup-header-container">
        <h4 class="followup-header">Follow Up</h4>
    </div>
 <div class="followup-body">
	<span class="followup-attendee-name">Russell</span> 
    <span class="followup-attendee-role">DCM</span>
	<span class="followup-attendee-question"> Is it reccomended individual groups have a grapevine representative?</span>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Sarah</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">Grapevine Representitive</span>
        Yes.
        </div>
	<span class="followup-attendee-name">Russell</span> 
    <span class="followup-attendee-role">DCM</span>
	<span class="followup-attendee-question"> Is it STRONGLY reccomened individual groups have a grapevine representative?</span>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Sarah</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">Grapevine Representitive</span>
        Yes, it's strongly reccomended
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report visitor">
<h3 class="committee-title">Intergroup Literature Committee Presentation</h3>
<div>Charlie, Jeff and Chris visited District 39 on behalf of intergroup to express their interest in forming a literature subcommitte. Chris is ht eliterature chair
<div class="report-body">
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>Chris needs help from people in individual groups, additional information is in the
            <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-11-23/literature-committee-igr-flyer.pdf"
                aria-label="Download Intergroup Literature Committee Flyer PDF"
                target="_blank"
                rel="noopener"
                type="application/pdf">
                Intergroup Literature Committee Flyer
            </a>, inluding contact information.
        </li>
        <li>The intent is to make a.a. conference approved literature more available at cost to members of aa through the store despite limited store hours</li>
        <li>A goal is to make sales available at district meetings</li>
        <li>Another goal is to set up literature tables at events/workshops to increase awareness and accessability.</li>
    </ul>
</div>
<div class="follow-up">
    <div class="followup-header-container">
        <h4 class="followup-header">Follow Up</h4>
    </div>
 <div class="followup-body">
	
	<div class="followup-attendee-question">
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Scotty</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">treasurer</span>
        Does Intergroup have the new racks with the QR Codes?
    </div>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Charlie</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">Intergroup Central Office Chair</span>
       No
    </div>
	
	<div class="followup-attendee-question">
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Dave</span> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">GSR</span>
        How are you buying literature ... in certain amounts or at certain times?
    </div>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Charlie</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">Intergroup Central Office Chair</span>
        As needed whenever possible, and also a few set times a year to keep a reasonable stock.
    </div>
	
	<div class="followup-attendee-question">
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Dave</span> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">GSR</span>
        Are you buying full cost or at discount? (some clarification) Can you merge with other groups to get an even lower discounts?
    </div>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Charlie</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">Intergroup Central Office Chair</span>
        7th tradition, we are self-supporting and operate independently from other intergroups.
    </div>
	
	<div class="followup-attendee-question">
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Dave</span> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">GSR</span>
        They seem to do it at a district level. I've seen it. It might save you some money and help IGR survive a little better?
    </div>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Charlie</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">Intergroup Central Office Chair</span>
        We have a website set up you can go online and buy literature at cost
    </div>
	
	<div class="followup-attendee-question">
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Ryan</span> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">GSR</span>
        Can you get them (writer: materials) at groups? 
    </div>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Russel</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">DCM</span>
        That is the goal
    </div>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Charlie</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">Intergroup Central Office Chair</span>
        We're going to need help because we have a huge amount (writer: of geographic area) to cover.
    </div>
	
	<div class="followup-attendee-question">
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Ashley</span> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">GSR/Workshop Chair</span>
        How can one order?
    </div>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Charlie</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">Intergroup Central Office Chair</span>
        Online.
    </div>
	
	<div class="followup-attendee-question">
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Russel</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">DCM</span>
        Are you looking for a representative to be a liason?
    </div>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        Affirmative response from visitors; Scotty and Ryan volunteered to help/form ad hoc subcommittee.
    </div>
    </div>
</div> <!-- end follw-up section -->

</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Report From the Intergoup Liason (Ken, ADCM)</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    This month's meeting was shorter than normal
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>Shawn stepped down from his position as Treasurer; PI and unity were open at the beginning of the meeting</li>
        <li>Effort is being made to finalize P&L (Profit and Loss) report and turning up finance reporting. The NEPAIG Monthly Treasury Report is on page 2 of the
            <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-11-23/intergroup-documents.pdf"
            aria-label="download intergroup documents pdf"
            target="_blank"
            rel="noopener"
            type="application/pdf">intergroup documents pdf</a>
        </li>
        <li>The bookstore has a website where you can make online purchaces with a credit card.</li>
        <li> Election results:
            <ul>
                <li>Frank is the new Treasurer</li>
                <li>Jimmy J is doing Public Information (PI)</li>
                <li>Unity is still open</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Alcathon is on November 27th, flyer is attached in notes</li>
    </ul>
</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">DCM Report (Russell)</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    The next 
    <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-11-23/area-first-quarterly.pdf">
        area quarterly report </a>
    meeting is 12/14. If you attend, let Russel know because you must be announced by the DCM as a guest.
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>There are 2 announcements about group meetings from area:
            <ol>
                <li>
                    <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-11-23/treatment-and-accessability-subcommittee-zoom-information.pdf"
                    aria-label=Treatment and Accessability Subcomittee Zoom Meeting PDF
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf"
                    >Treatment and Accessability Subcomittee</a> Tuesdays at 7:30pm 
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-11-23/bridging-the-gap-zoom-flyer.pdf"
                    aria-label="
                        Download Bridging the Gap Zoom Meeting PDF"
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">
                        Bridging the Gap Zoom Meeting
                    </a> 4th Thursday of every month, 7:30-8:30 pm
                </li>
            </ol>
        <li>reach out to delegate dan and express if you want information about the literature</li>
        <li>for next year-- if anyone is planning on going to EPGSA it's important to be counted at 9am, otherwise you can't be counted to vote. If not counted at 9am, your vote will not be counted.</li>
        <li> proposal on the floor agenda: classify literature
            <li>added at norassa (sp?) -> next voting will be on the board </li>
            <li>before 1971 should not be touched, everything else is up for debate</li>
            <li>also category literature in:
                <ul>
                    <li>recovery</li>
                    <li>founders</li>
                    <li>service</li>
                </ul>
            </li>
    </ul>
</div>
<div class="follow-up">
    <div class="followup-header-container">
        <h4 class="followup-header">Follow Up</h4>
    </div>
 <div class="followup-body">
	
	<div class="followup-attendee-question">
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Dave</span> 
        Suggests attending district meetings and watching how they behave before voting
    </div>
	
	<div class="followup-attendee-question">
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Scotty</span> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">treasurer</span>
        Should we request delegates to come to the workshop?
    </div>
	<div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
        <span class="followup-attendee-name">Russel</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">DSM</span>
        We can make a request for Dec 14th, any oppose? [no opposition]
    </div>
</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 id="group-concern" class="committee-title">Group Concerns</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    <span class="followup-attendee-name">Angela</span>
        <span class="followup-attendee-role">DSM</span>
        4th edition big book, some pages are not aligning depending on the date it was published; also noticed at the midvalley group (re: specific stories). Margins looked different in different books and an offset becomes apparent.
    <ul class="report-ul">
            <li>
                <div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
                    <span class="followup-attendee-name">Ryan</span>
                    <span class="followup-attendee-role">GSR</span>&nbsp;Suggests it would be good to make them aware before it happens, maybe going into the 5th edition it could be made as a motion.
                </div></li> 
            <li>
                <div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
                    <span class="followup-attendee-name">Dan</span>
                    <span class="followup-attendee-role">GSR</span>
                Suggests making a reference sheet, a more plausable response than re-prefacing the book
            </div></li> 
            <li>
                <div class="followup-attendee-response"> 
                    <span class="followup-attendee-name">Russel</span>
                    <span class="followup-attendee-role">DSM</span>
                Expresses interest in raising the issue to Area, but asks for clarification because the 
            </div></li> 
    </ul>
</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Old Business</h3>
<i>none</i>.
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">New Business</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>Website committee- a seperate email will go out describing some options for users on the district website. Interested people should send their availability to 
        <a href="mailto:webmaster@d39aa.org"
            aria-label=TITLE
            target="_blank"
            rel="noopener"
            type="application/pdf">
            webmaster@d39aa.org</a>.
        </li>
    </ul>
</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">New Business</h3>
<div class="report-body">
        The office will be holding additional marathon meetings this thanksgiving. I apologize for the delay in these notes, which are being sent out after thansgiving. <em>Still relevant information follows:</em>
    <ul class="report-ul">
            <li>he office plans to limit it to major holidays (actual schedule we can use to provide info) and what plans are for what holidays.</li>
            <li>Support for marathon meetings varies per holiday, and it is most importand to find people who can chair meetings.</li>
            <li>There is no flyer yet for the christmas marathon at the office, but you can announce it in your groups.</li>
    </ul>
</div>
</div>
    
</body>
</html>