<!DOCTYPE html>

<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>d29 minutes 12/21</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../styles.css">
    <link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com">
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com" crossorigin>
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=DM+Sans:ital,opsz,wght@0,9..40,100..1000;1,9..40,100..1000&family=Open+Sans:ital,wght@0,300..800;1,300..800&family=Roboto:ital,wght@0,100..900;1,100..900&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com">
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com" crossorigin>
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=DM+Sans:ital,opsz,wght@0,9..40,100..1000;1,9..40,100..1000&family=Open+Sans:ital,wght@0,300..800;1,300..800&family=Roboto+Mono:ital,wght@0,100..700;1,100..700&family=Roboto:ital,wght@0,100..900;1,100..900&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">
</head>

<body>
<a href="https://district-39.github.io/">
   Home
</a> | <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/index.html">index</a>
<h2 class="title">District 39 Minutes</h2>
<h1 class="subtitle">December 21, 2025</h1>

<div class="comittee-report">
<div class="report-body">
    <table>
        <tr> 
            <td class="title beginning treasury treasury-header">
                Treasurer Report (Scotty)
            </td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="divider"> 
            <td class="beginning treasury treasury-item">Beginning Balance</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="beginning treasury numeric treasury-value">$1552.55</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="beginning treasury treasury-item">Prudent Reserve</td>
            <td class="operand treasury">-</td>
            <td class="beginning treasury numeric treasury-value"> $500.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="beginning treasury treasury-item">Cash on Hand</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="beginning treasury numeric treasury-value total">$1052.55</td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="divider"> 
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-header">Expenses</td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
        </tr>
        <tr> <!-- expense item -->
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-item">DCM Convention
                <span class="checkno">ck #1353</span>
            </td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="expenses treasury numeric treasury-value">$250.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> <!-- expense item Workshop Title Row-->
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-item">
                Workshop
            </td>
            <td class="operand treasury"><span class="checkno">ck #1355</span></td>
            <td class="expenses treasury numeric treasury-value">$57.89</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> <!-- expense item -->
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-item">
            </td>
            <td class="operand treasury">
                <span class="checkno">ck #1394</span></td>
            <td class="expenses treasury numeric treasury-value">$23.07</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> <!-- expense item -->
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-item">
            </td>
            <td class="operand treasury">
                <span class="checkno">ck #1395</span></td>
            <td class="expenses treasury numeric treasury-value">$88.98</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> <!-- expense item -->
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-item">
            </td>
            <td class="operand treasury">
                <span class="checkno">ck #1396</span></td>
            <td class="expenses treasury numeric treasury-value">$255.29</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="expenses treasury treasury-item">Total Expenses</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="expenses treasury numeric treasury-value total">- $675.23</td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="divider"> 
            <td class="contribution treasury treasury-header">Contribution</td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
            <td class="treasury hidden"></td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="contribution treasury treasury-item">Groups</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="contribution treasury numeric treasury-value">$25.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="contribution treasury treasury-item">District Mgt.</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="contribution treasury numeric treasury-value">$12.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="contribution treasury treasury-item">Total Contributions</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="contribution treasury numeric treasury-value total">$37.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="divider-total"> 
            <td class="treasury-summary ending treasury treasury-item">Total Cash On Hand</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="ending treasury numeric treasury-value">$414.32</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="ending treasury treasury-item">Prudent Reserve</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="ending treasury numeric treasury-value">$500.00</td>
        </tr>
        <tr> 
            <td class="ending treasury treasury-item">Ending Balance</td>
            <td class="operand treasury"></td>
            <td class="total ending treasury numeric treasury-value">$914.32</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

</div >
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
    <h3 class="committee-title">Visitation (Dewy)</h3>
    <div class="report-body">Car broke down, but visits are still being made.</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Workshop Committee (Ashley)</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    Commendation and gratitude to Ashley and all involved in the workshop; it was excellent and managed very well.
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>About 70 people attended the workshop and <em>$86.55 was donated</em> to the church following the workshop.</li>
        <li>The total cost was $426.07</li>
        <li>The literature table at the workshop did well and was a good feature</li>
        <li>More workshops to come</li>
    </ul>
</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Sarah (Grapevine)</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>Grapevine had a table at the workshop and it did well</li>
        <li>There will be a Grapevine presentation at the Midvalley Noon Group this month and at The Office meeting next month</li>
        <li>Literature committee donated back issues of the grapevine, which are available for anyone who wants to leave them at commitments.</li>
    </ul>
</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Rob (Booker)</h3>
<div class="report-body">nothing</div >
</div> 

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Nick (Marathon)</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>Meetings will be reduced to major holidays (Thanksgiving, New Years Day, Christmas Day, Fourth of July, another meeting)</li>
        <li>Please encourage home group members to let others know about alcathons; they save lives</li>
    </ul>
</div>
</div> 

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Report From the Intergoup Liason (Ken, ADCM)</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>Intergroup is asking groups to bring back feedback on 12 and 12/big book dictionary potentially being sold at intergroup(not a vote)</li>
        <li>Institutions
            <ul>
            <li>beyond addiction: asking that bridging the gap paperwork be returned to the speaker</li>
            <li>clearbrook complaining that males are being inappropriate with female clients</li>
        </ul>
        </li>
        <li> Leadership/Chairs
            <ul>
                <li>Emily is the new chair of newspsper</li>
                <li>Chair positions for Unity and Bridging the Gap are still open</li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>alcothons are going on for the holidays (lehighton bloomsburg, wilkesbarre)
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/wilkes_barre_alcathon.pdf"
                    aria-label="Wilkes Barre Alcathon"
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">
                    Wilkes Barre Alcathon
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/tunkhannock-new-years-celebration-alcathon.pdf"
                    aria-label="Tunkannock New Years Celebration/Alcothon"
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">
                    Tunkannock New Years Celebration/Alcothon
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/intergroup-alcathons.pdf"
                    aria-label="NEPA Intergroup Alcothon Information"
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">
                        NEPA Intergroup Alcothon Information</a>
                    </li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Also included in this note is the 
            <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/intergroup-treasuary-report.pdf"
                aria-label="Intergroup Treasurer's Report"
                target="_blank"
                rel="noopener"
                type="application/pdf">
            Intergroup Treasurer's Report
            </a>
        </li>
        <li> The
            <a href="
https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/literature-committe-flyer.pdf"
                aria-label="Intergroup Literature Committe Flyer"
                target="_blank"
                rel="noopener"
                type="application/pdf">
            Intergroup Literature Committee
            </a>
            looking for colunteers</li>
        <li>
            Pre-registration is available for 
            <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/pennscypaa-xxxvii.pdf"
                aria-label="PENNSCYPAA 2026 Pre-registration Flyer"
                target="_blank"
                rel="noopener"
                type="application/pdf">
            PENNSCYPAA 2026
            </a>. It will be held June 26-28.
        </li>
        <li>The 
            <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/womens-victory-conference.pdf"
                aria-label="Women's Victory "
                target="_blank"
                rel="noopener"
                type="application/pdf">
                Fifth Annual Women's Victory Conference
            </a> will be held in Wilkes Barre on Saturday, February 7th 2026.
        </li>
        <li>District 40 will be holding the
            <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/time-travlers-dance.pdf"
                aria-label="Time Traveler's Dance"
                target="_blank"
                rel="noopener"
                type="application/pdf">
                Time Traveler's Dance 
            </a> on new year's eve.
        </li>
    </ul>
</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">DCM Report (Russell)</h3>
    <div class="report-body">
        <div style="background-color: aliceblue; margin:2px; padding:2px; font-weight: 500'; border:2px solid blue;">
            Attached to this email is
            <ul>
                <li>
                    a list of all the 
                    <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/gsc-pai-status-76th--2025-11.pdf"
                    aria-label="76th G.S.C. P.A.I. Report"
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">
                    Proposed Items for the Agenda of the 2026 General Service Conference
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li> Some contextual
                <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/motions-in-aa.pdf"
                    aria-label=TITLE
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">
                    information and definitions of a motion in A.A.
                </a> including their origin, the process by which they are considered and more about service structure at higher levels.
                </li>
            </ul>
            If you are a GSR please read and consider this information.
        </div>
        Total contributions down by $1 Mil, hole of over $1M
        A list of quarterly contributions are available; these track which groups donated money throughout the 2025 Fiscal year.
        <ul class="report-ul">
            <li>GSO sponsorship in jail - information upcoming about a loophole to allow sponsorshop of incarcerated people without extra security clearance overhead</li>
            <li>
                <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/nreaasa-conf-2026.pdf"
                    aria-label="NORASSA conference"
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">NORASSA conference
                </a> will be held in Maine.
            </li>
            <li>
                Districts by Committee and Intergroups will meet for 
                <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/all-intergroup-day.pdf"
                    aria-label="All Intergroup Day"
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">
                    All Intergroup Day 2026
                </a>
                @ Hilltop Rd Leesport.
            </li>
            <li>
                SEPIA (Area 39) event worth traveling for:
                <ul>
                    <li>
                    <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/sepia-area59-shareaday.pdf"
                        aria-label="SEPIA Area 39 Share-A-Day"
                        target="_blank"
                        rel="noopener"
                        type="application/pdf">SEPIA Area 39 Share-A-Day</a>
                        (31st jan) in Levittown PA.</li>
                    </li>
                    <li>Shareaday planning
                        <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/shareaday-planning.pdf"
                        aria-label="SEPIA area shaready planning zoom meeting"
                        target="_blank"
                        rel="noopener"
                        type="application/pdf">zoom meeting information
                        </a>
                        for volunteers
                    </li>
                </ul> 
            </li>
            <li>FYI: We have access to the
                <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/audiovisual-library-area59-pdf.pdf"
                    aria-label=TITLE
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">Area 59 AV (audio visual) Library
                </a>
                containing audio or video and transcripts of books. For more information, you can contact the area 59 treasurer at
            <a href="mailto:secretary@area59.org">secretary@area59.org</a></li>
            <li>There is a bilingual district (district is bilingual, small dispersed group) in Lancaster, PA holding a
                <a href="#"
                    aria-label=TITLE
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">
                    bilingual share-a-day
                </a>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 id="group-concern" class="committee-title">Group Concerns</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>Angela (415 Women's Group GSR) asked about 
            <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-11-23/notes.html#group-concern">
                the group concern</a> raised by members/representative of the 417 Women's Big Book Meeeing from last month; no specific montions were made to the floor</li>
    </ul>
</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">Old Business</h3>
<div class="report-body">
    <ul class="report-ul">
        <li>Website committee- a seperate email will go out describing some options for users on the district website. Interested people should send their availability to 
        <a href="mailto:webmaster@d39aa.org"
            aria-label=TITLE
            target="_blank"
            rel="noopener"
            type="application/pdf">
            webmaster@d39aa.org</a>.
        </li>
    </ul>
</div>
</div>

<div class="comittee-report">
<h3 class="committee-title">New Business</h3>
<em>No new business; Russel (DSM) pointed out that this would be the place to introduce a motion to be brought to area as referenced in 
    <a href="https://district-39.github.io/district-meetings/2025-12-21/motions-in-aa.pdf"
                    aria-label=TITLE
                    target="_blank"
                    rel="noopener"
                    type="application/pdf">the guide he provided to motions in AA</a>.
</em>
</div>
    
</body>
</html>